***
He slammed the receiver down.
I can see the men out there.
They built a fire and drank their whiskey.
He put his heavy arms around me and rubbed his big hands on my back.
I try on a hat and look at myself in the mirror.
Chairs creak as everybody gets settled.
But I don't need to listen.
We move a few steps down the hot sidewalk.
"We'll pick up some beer," he says...
I heard him shout.
But it took some examining it, some putting things into it, some cutting, some weighing, some measuring, some putting things back again and sewing them in.
He stops at a roadside market for beer.
On the sidewalk she looks around.
"I have known that child since she was a little girl," the woman says.
He says something else.
"Roll down your window."
He appears in the kitchen doorway, towel over his bare shoulder, appraising.
"What is it?" he says and lays down his fork.
I put out my hand and hold on to a parking meter.
They drove until they got to a telephone.
He raises his hands.
"She used to come over and I'd bake cookies for her and let her eat them in front of the TV."
Tell me what I did wrong and I'll listen!
He gives me what he thinks is a meaningful look.
"Where is he?"
We were five miles from the car.
Gordon Johnson said the trout they'd caught were hard because of the terrible coldness of the water.
But he drives along beside for a bit, a crewcut man in a blue work shirt.
We talked it over and we all decided.
"We weren't all that close," I say.
He lifts his head as if still listening.
Polished hoods and polished fenders.
I look at the creek.
I dress carefully.
"You know," I say.
Then mountains, and on the right, far below, I sometimes see the Naches River.
To see if there was something in the paper, I suppose.
I found him leaning against the refrigerator with a can of beer.
Love, Mommy
He looks at my breasts, my legs.
But she was dead."
But the others told stories.
On a long clear stretch he goes past.
Maybe they played until they couldn't see them anymore.
He shrugs, and goes on eating.
"You're going to get me riled," he says.
***
But I woke up when I heard him in the kitchen.
Tell me what I'm supposed to know.
I can tell that's what he's doing.
We look each other over.
He says, "What do I know, Claire?
I can hear the river down below the trees.
When the moon came up, they talked about the girl.
They pleaded fatigue, the late hour, the fact that the girl wasn't going anywhere.
But I keep my eyes closed.
I turned and opened my legs.
Then I see the word backyard.
He gets to his feet and touches me on the hip as he goes past.
On the top step a fat woman in a print dress holds out a licorice stick to a little girl.
"Outside," my husband says.
He gave the sheriff their names.
They have sons and daughters who go to school with our son, Dean.
He drains his glass and stands up.
I sit in the breakfast nook and drink coffee and leave a ring on the note.
He got some nylon cord and tied it to her wrist and then looped the rest around a tree.
But he doesn't move otherwise.
I sweep up the broken dishes and go outside.
He says a prayer for us, the living, and when he finishes, he says a prayer for the soul of the departed.
He says, "What are you talking about?"
"It might be your mother," I say.
Along with the others I go past the casket.
People are starting cars.
I say, "Why did you have to go miles away?"
We sit on a bench in the sun.
I shake my head.
I can't think what else to do.
"They said they were innocent.
I grip the wheel until my fingers hurt.
"Sure."
My husband stops eating.
"You all right?" the man says.
He wipes his mouth on the napkin.
His name is in there on the first page.
Vern Williams went to sleep.
***
He leans his arms on the door and brings his face to the window.
"Is everything all right in there?
I say, "I don't think I'll be home today."
"I don't know what's wrong with you," he says on the way home.
"I have nothing to add to what I already told the sheriff!"
Someone said they should -keep the body from drifting away.
It was Stuart who made the call while the others stood around in the sun and listened.
He pushes his chair away from the table.
Then I speed up.
The telephone rings.
Along with the names of his friends.
He looks at me and looks away.
"You're going to choke in there."
I write out a note for Dean.
I stare at him.
I don't know anything except one thing?"
I sit for a long time holding the newspaper and thinking.
"Here's coffee," I say.
***
He takes out his cigarettes and goes out to the back with a can of beer.
It's signed "Love."
I drive through farm country, through fields of oats and sugar beets and past apple orchards, cattle grazing in pastures.
"Don't rile me," he says.
The telephone began ringing right after eight.
"All right," he says.
The body has been identified, claimed.
"Don't answer it," he says.
She was wedged into some branches that stuck out over the water.
Twice he looks in and clears his throat.
He rolls over and looks at me.
People are coming in and finding chairs.
They arrested him this morning.
He doesn't move.
"Open the door," he says as if he isn't listening.
In bed he put his hands on me again and then waited as if thinking of something else.
They saw the girl before they set up camp.
I slow down and find a place.
No clothes on her at all.
"Give me a minute," he says.
I close my eyes and hold on to the sink.
They had nothing to hide.
Then I hear the pickup coming back.
"Go to hell!"
That night I make my bed on the sofa, and in the morning I get up first.
I wasn't the only man there.
But he keeps looking into the rear-view mirror.
In the kitchen I find a note from him.
He gets Dean off for school, and then he shaves, dresses, and leaves for work.
They killed a girl named Arlene Hubly where I grew up.
They carried their bedrolls, their food, their playing cards, their whiskey.
Then everything changes, more like shacks than farmhouses and stands of timber instead of orchards.
Back home, Stuart sits at the table with a drink of whiskey in front of him.
But I was awake long before the alarm went off.
They played some cards later on.
"What are you staring at me for?" he says.
He reaches an arm around my waist and with his other hand he begins to unbutton my jacket and then he goes on to the buttons of my blouse.
***
"Stuart, could we go for a drive?" I say.
"That's the point," I say.
He doesn't turn around.
He starts to eat again.
"Hey, sugar," he says.
I see him sit in the lawn chair and pick up the newspaper again.
I can see them out there fishing.
"You're getting me more riled by the minute."
I say, "They have friends, these killers.
They parked the car in the mountains and hiked to where they wanted to fish.
The organ starts up the minute I take a seat.
"What is going on?" I said.
He says, "Goddamn it, why can't people mind their own business?
I was asleep when he got home.
"You okay?"
***
We drive through town without speaking.
I'm right in it, eyes open, face down, staring at the moss on the bottom, dead.
"First things first," he says.
But this is at the wrong times, too.
A door opens and the family comes in in a group and moves over to a curtained place off to one side.
You can't tell."
So much water so close to home.
They said they'd wait until someone could come for better directions and take down their statements.
"We'll get you fixed up for it," Marnie says.
"The Maddox brothers.
It happened when I was a girl."
Do you hear?"
My head swims.
The others stirred the sand with their shoes, said they didn't feel inclined that way.
Stuart believes he is letting me sleep this morning.
He took her by the fingers and pulled her into shore.
"What did I tell you?" he says when I hang up.
For a crazy instant I think something's happened to Dean.
"It was a murder," I say.
We couldn't just turn around.
Mel Dorn found her.
I can't hear a thing with so much water going.
The next morning they got up late, drank whiskey, fished a little, took down their tents, rolled their sleeping bags, gathered their stuff, and hiked out.
I know he's heard.
I look at the newspaper and turn it this way and that on the table.
I look at the word Love and then I underline it.
He opens us cans of beer.
Directly, a nice blond man in a nice dark suit stands and asks us to bow our heads.
***
He tries to concentrate on the road.
Last Friday these family men left for the Naches River.
"Where is Dean?"
I heard it on the radio before I come.
He shakes his head and looks at the highway and then back at me.
I pull over and shut off the motor.
Is it one word or two?
I notice a great stack of papers just inside the door.
Honey, Mommy has things to do this afternoon, but will be back later.
There's a boy in flared pants and a yellow short-sleeved shirt.
The casket is closed and covered with floral sprays.
He called the others and they came to look.
That night they cooked fish, cooked potatoes, drank coffee, drank whiskey, then took their cooking things and eating things back down to the river and washed them where the girl was.
Then I skid it close and read what it says.
It was then that he told me what I just told you.
"I am going to a funeral tomorrow," I say.
He says, "Relax, Claire."
He knows.
"Well, they got him," she says.
I was thinking, lying on the far side of the bed away from his hairy legs.
I pick up the receiver and listen.
"Eggs'll be ready in a minute.”
"I'm just here to help is all."
Then I move out onto the front steps and into the afternoon light.
Then throws his napkin on his plate.
I wake Dean, and the three of us eat.
I say.
He chews, arms on the table, and stares at something across the room.
The telephone rang right again.
There's a woman who limps as she goes down the stairs ahead of me.
They fish every spring and early summer before visiting relatives can get in the way.
They are decent men, family men, men who take care of their jobs.
"But you know?"
He and Gordon Johnson and Mel Dorn and Vern Williams, they play poker and bowl and fish.
I lock the doors and roll up the windows.
He says, "Who?"
***
He was up that morning before I could get out of bed.
They said they were crazy."
He is lying on his back on the grass now, the newspaper and can of beer within reach.
He raps on the glass.
The next morning they cooked breakfast, drank coffee, and drank whiskey, and then split up to fish.
"If that's any consolation.
Whenever Stuart looks at me, I ask Dean if he wants more milk, more toast, etc.
Afterwards, I think he stayed awake.
One of the men - my Stuart didn't say which - said they should start back at once.
A boy right here in town."
"She was dead," he says.
I put on coffee and fix breakfast while he shaves.
"Please," I say, "I have to go."
I keep slowing at the wrong times, hoping he will pass.
"Watch and see," he says.
In the end they went ahead and set up the camp.
My husband eats with a good appetite.
You stay in or be in the backyard until one of us comes home.
He says, "I think I know what you need."
"Roll it down now."
They cut off her head and threw her into the Cle Elum River.
Then I rake my arm across the drainboard and send the dishes to the floor.
They took their flashlights and went back to the river.
"That's the worst kind," Marnie says.
How come you're all locked up?"
"Was I staring?" I say, and shake my head.
***
A green pickup comes up behind me and stays behind me for miles.
The creek runs under the bridge and into a large pond a few hundred yards away.
"I'm sorry to hear that," Marnie says.
Then he waves, toots his horn, and pulls on up ahead.
"And I'm as sorry as anyone else.
I won't have you passing judgment.
Later on, we cross Everson Creek and turn into the picnic grounds.
There is nothing I can say to him.
They weren't ashamed.
I sit under the dryer with a magazine on my lap and let Marnie do my nails.
They talked about what to do.
"I'll call you today," Stuart says as he opens the door.
Then I call up to get a chair at the hairdresser's.
But I don't think he's really hungry.
One of the men - it might have been Stuart - waded in and got her.
***
